hello then today I'm going to you
learn to change the hull to real
of your iphone so to do this it's
very simple just take a
special tool that you can buy
on the internet or in some stores
you're going to davis and the two little screws
that you can see one and two
so you go summer life is once
the davis currencies and you take your
iphone
so we can see that both vices
are removed you will push the hull
backwards like this until
what it gets a little bit here in
underneath as you can see you
push forward as far as
you will remove the shell by pulling
so above
she reformed at small roeulx mauritius and
that you can see in black hoist and
so you're going to lift it off you take it off
the hull you can see all the
iphone system you take a
other hull so the one you have
want to put instead you ask
above until the nest
perfectly
and then you push the coke back to
the back of the iphone so like this
so here I pushed then you
go put back the two little screws that
you removed
just before you do not lose
vices that because it is not part
not easily so you put them back
two small opposite and one is the
second like this
and you aim
you do not really know it's not used for
great thing so here you show us
how to change the shell of your iphone
thank you